# Handslate app https://handslate.en.uptodown.com/android

## Requirements

*   Android Studio 3.2 (installed on a Linux, Mac or Windows machine)

*   Android device in
    [developer mode](https://developer.android.com/studio/debug/dev-options)
    with USB debugging enabled

*   USB cable (to connect Android device to your computer)

## Build and run

### Step 1. Clone the source code

Clone the TensorFlow examples GitHub repository to your computer to get the demo
application.

```
git clone https://github.com/PoomGamerE/nsc2022-24p23w0016.git
```

Open the TensorFlow source code in Android Studio. To do this, open Android
Studio and select `Open an existing project`, setting the folder to
`nsc2022-24p23w0016`

<img src="images/classifydemo_img1.png?raw=true" />

### Step 2. Build the Android Studio project

Select `Build -> Make Project` and check that the project builds successfully.
You will need Android SDK configured in the settings. You'll need at least SDK
version 23. The `build.gradle` file will prompt you to download any missing
libraries.

The file `download.gradle` directs gradle to download the two models used in the
example, placing them into `assets`.

<img src="images/classifydemo_img4.png?raw=true" style="width: 40%" />

<img src="images/classifydemo_img2.png?raw=true" style="width: 60%" />

<aside class="note"><b>Note:</b><p>`build.gradle` is configured to use
TensorFlow Lite's nightly build.</p><p>If you see a build error related to
compatibility with Tensorflow Lite's Java API (for example, `method X is
undefined for type Interpreter`), there has likely been a backwards compatible
change to the API. You will need to run `git pull` in the examples repo to
obtain a version that is compatible with the nightly build.</p></aside>

### Step 3. Install and run the app

Connect the Android device to the computer and be sure to approve any ADB
permission prompts that appear on your phone. Select `Run -> Run app.` Select
the deployment target in the connected devices to the device on which the app
will be installed. This will install the app on the device.

<img src="images/classifydemo_img5.png?raw=true" style="width: 60%" />

<img src="images/classifydemo_img6.png?raw=true" style="width: 70%" />

<img src="images/classifydemo_img7.png?raw=true" style="width: 40%" />

<img src="images/classifydemo_img8.png?raw=true" style="width: 80%" />

To test the app, open the app called `Handslate` on your device. When you run
the app the first time, the app will request permission to access the camera.
Re-installing the app may require you to uninstall the previous installations.

## Assets folder
_Do not delete the assets folder content_. If you explicitly deleted the
files, choose `Build -> Rebuild` to re-download the deleted model files into the
assets folder.
